[docs] Add hermes guide (#13222)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-hermes.md

```json
{
  "expo": {
    "android": {
      /* @info Add jsEngine field here. Supported values are hermes or jsc  */
      "jsEngine": "hermes"
      /* @end */
    }
  }
}
```

Then to create an APK or AAB through `eas build`. We will setup React Native project and use Hermes as the JavaScript engine to generate the app.

### Bare workflow

For bare apps created or ejected before SDK 42, there are some further steps to make sure things to be going right.

- Add `expo.jsEngine` to `android/gradle.properties`

```
# android/gradle.properties
expo.jsEngine=hermes
```

- Edit `enableHermes` in `android/app/build.gradle`

```groovy
// android/app/build.gradle

project.ext.react = [
/* @info Originally the value may be true or false, modify the value to reference from gradle properties */
    enableHermes: (findProperty('expo.jsEngine') ?: "jsc") == "hermes",
/* @end */
]
```

## ✈️ Publish Over-the-Air updates

Publishing app bundles in either way:

- To Expo managed server (by `expo publish`)
- To self-hosted server (by `expo export`)

We will generate Hermes bytecode bundle and sourcemap accordingly.

> Please note that Hermes bytecode may change from different hermes-engine versions. Updating Hermes version is pretty much like updating native modules. After upgrading hermes-engine, react-native, or Expo SDK, please make sure to bump `sdkVersion` or `runtimeVersion` in `app.json`. Otherwise, the app may launch in fatal errors. See [Update Compatibility](https://docs.expo.io/bare/updating-your-app/#update-compatibility) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the Hermes bytecode format may change between different versions of `hermes-engine` — an update produced for a specific version of Hermes will not run on a different version of Hermes. Updating the Hermes version can be thought of in the same way as updating any other native module, and so if you update the `hermes-engine` version you should also update the `runtimeVersion` in `app.json`. If you don't do this, your app may crash on launch because the update may be loaded by an existing binary that uses an older version of `hermes-engine` that is incompatible with the updated bytecode format. See ["Update Compatibility"](https://docs.expo.io/bare/updating-your-app/#update-compatibility) for more information.
```
